hey everyone welcome to my minecraft
rendition of Bill Snyder family stadium
and the athletics facilities at k-state
this is a project that I started a
little over two years ago and I've
worked on it off and on since then since
k-state is wrapping up construction on
the new venire football complex I
decided it was time to share this thing
online if you think I'm a nerd you're
absolutely right
I've definitely earned that title but
I've had a lot of fun just killing time
over the summer months with this putting
this together especially since these are
places I spend quite a bit of time in
most of the year so we'll get started by
checking out the West stadium Center
which was completed in real life about
two years ago and that's really when I
started working on this project I kind
of built the West stadium Center as it
was actually being built and right here
in front I have a live representation of
Bill Snyder statue which is actually a
villager from the game that's encased in
glass and he's wearing purple so he just
keeps an eye on things but I think
that's kind of funny I'll just take a
lap around the whole stadium here and
let you check all of it outs we'll start
here going to the south side of things
you can see brand Lidge over there to
the right side and we'll get into that a
little bit later and you can see the
field down below
you can see the power cat in the middle
of the field I will let you know that it
is very difficult to actually put
together a decent-looking power cat
using just blocks but I was able to
manage it just by making it a little bit
bigger than what you would actually see
in real life but there's a look at the
field and the other side of the west
stadium center the side that faces the
field and there's got it it's got a club
level it's got a couple of levels of
luxury suites it's got a press box level
it's got the performance table here on
the other side where the athletes eats
and things like that and then over here
on the north end we have the venire
football complex which is almost
finished in real life I did go ahead and
complete the northeast corner of the
stadium as well even though k-state
won't do that for another year or so
it's I'll move around to the other side
of the near here so you can see kind of
what that looks like from the other side
and now we'll move over to the east side
of the stadium so this is what it looks
like from this angle and again not quite
as beautiful to look at I guess as the
west side but it's a little bit older
still turned out fairly nice I think and
further to the south here is the
basketball training facility which case
they'd built a couple of years ago I
actually wasn't even going to add in
Bramblett or the basketball training
facility or anything else when I
originally came up with this project and
then eventually just kept adding on and
adding on and before you know it there
was now we'll move over to Bromwich
Coliseum the home of k-state basketball
we're up on the concourse here and have
a pretty good view of the field and
moving inside you can see concession
stands and bathrooms on the concourse
I've got concession stands of bathrooms
all throughout the football stadium as
well the legends room is over here on
the right side where some of K State's
VIPs have events during basketball games
and such and going through here you see
K State's athletic Wall of Fame along
the side as well you can see out onto
the football field although you can't
see venir from here because the game
just doesn't render out that far but
let's move to the inside of Bramblett
you can see the court down below there I
was able to use two different kinds of
wood to make it look more realistic with
the two toned thing but it's kind of
hard to make it look very realistic
because you're just using blocks in
Minecraft so it's not exactly spot-on
but you can see the video board up above
and some banners up in the rafters as
well the purple ones for the k-state men
the white ones for the k-state women
and if you go down the tunnel here you
can see the walkway up to K State's
locker room so the walkway that k-state
comes down to before all the games when
they have the tunnel dance and things
like that and here's K States locker
room and complete with a whiteboard in
there as well and if you go back down
the tunnel and to the other side the
visitors locker room is down there let's
go out the back side of the tunnel and
we'll take the road back up to the
parking lot on the west side and over
here we have another live statue this
one is for mr. K State Arne Barrett so
he's keeping an eye on this side of the
parking lot and you'll notice that
earlier I didn't go down the tunnels to
the locker room at the football stadium
so we'll go over there now and just
going way up high here you can see what
the stadium kind of looks like when the
field is illuminated by a bunch of
torches at night I think it looks pretty
cool from from up high so we'll go down
here to the visitors tunnel and locker
room and as you can see the locker room
is a little bit small a little bit bland
like I'd assume it is in real life but I
really don't know because that's again a
part of the venire complex that actually
hasn't technically been completed yet
but we'll go back around to the K State
tunnel and I did take time and attention
to do this exactly like the real thing
or at least as close as I could so
you'll see 16 pillars that are in here
there's eight on each side and those
actually exist and they stand for Bill
Snyder 16 goals for success I think
that's kind of a neat touch that k-state
added to the new complex and here's K
State's locker room and again this is
pretty much exactly what the real one is
supposed to look like when it's finished
I think that this part of the stadium
really turned out nice
a lot of purples some cool lighting in
here you can see nameplates above all
the locker
I had fun working on this particular
part and there's one more thing to check
out you may have noticed at the
beginning of the video that there was a
lever in the parking lot and we're gonna
go up and check that out now and there
it is and that's there's a reason that
that lever was put there let me press it
or I'll show you what it does so that's
about it I had to add add those
fireworks in there there were a bunch of
circuits and things that I had to
complete to make that happen to make him
come through the top of the West stadium
Center but decided to add it that in
there as well so well again I've I've
earned the Teferi nerdy connotation from
this but that's alright and that's about
it
this was a long project it took over
300,000 blocks actually to complete this
but I did have a lot of fun with it
thanks for watching and I I'm looking
forward to seeing the real thing full
once again when k-state opens its
football season on September 5th so I'll
see you guys later